>> Jen Kramer: Hey everybody,
it's Jen Kramer.
I hope you've enjoyed
this fundamentals course.
There was a ton of material
that we covered here in a very
short period of time.
We talked about how the Internet works,
we talked about all kinds of crazy
connectivity kinds of things.
We dove deep into files and folders, and
we also took a look at
CodePen towards the end.
I hope you're feeling relatively confident
that you're ready to go on to learn more
about HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
If you're feeling a little bit
freaked out at the moment,
especially by that CodePen stuff that
we did there at the end, don't panic.
I showed you a whole bunch of code that
you actually don't know anything about at
this point in time.
So if you found it a little bit confusing,
you're worried about being
able to read code, that is a completely
normal reaction to what I just showed you.
The important part of this is that you
really understand the file path issues
that I discussed.
All that dot dot slash stuff and
going from one directory or
one folder to another,
into files and everything else.
That is really the most important stuff
that you can take away from this course,
because that is gonna be really
critical in writing good HTML and CSS,
as you saw in my examples here.
If you feel a little uncomfortable
with looking at all code,
don't panic because we will be covering
that in great detail in future courses.
So keep your chin up,
you're doing great work.
You can Google around for other resources
if you feel like you need more help, and
I'll see you in a future course here.